Meeting Title: Terminal 3 introduction and technology overview  
Date: Feb 13

Transcript:  
   
Speaker A: Okay. Are you taking off next week?   
Speaker B: No, I'm just gonna work through it. Yeah, I'll try to focus more on, like, outside of Asia, you know, workload people and stuff. Because, you know, Europeans in North America, they don't care about Chinese New Year, so.   
Speaker A: That is true. That's true.   
Speaker B: Yeah. Because otherwise I'll just like Singapore probably rock dead. As you know, there's nothing going on in Singapore during that week at all.   
Speaker A: Yeah, it's very quiet. Streets.   
Speaker B: Streets are quiet. Everything's down. So that sucks. It's a bad thing about February.   
Speaker A: It's already a shortened, short, short month.   
Speaker B: And then you get this break in the middle. It's kind of like really kills, like, some momentum.   
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true. That's true.   
Speaker B: Hi, Gary.   
Speaker A: Nice to meet you.   
Speaker C: Hey, guys, can you hear me? I'm just.   
Speaker D: Can you guys hear me?   
Speaker A: Yes, yes, we can hear both of you guys. Okay. Okay.   
Speaker C: Sorry, I'm just on the way back from a meeting, so I'll camera in a short while.   
Speaker A: No worries. No worries. Are we expecting anyone else on the visa side?   
Speaker C: I should be just both Gaurav and myself.   
Speaker A: Okay, excellent. Very nice to meet both of you. Thank you so much for jumping on a call on a Friday afternoon. I don't know if you guys had a busy week. We certainly here in Hong Kong, because of consensus, I've been up to our gills in meetings. It's in a very, very productive week. So quite happy with how everything went. So glad to catch everyone before Lunar New Year. I'm sure that there's going to be some, hopefully some holidays in your near term future. Let me start by introducing the folks on the Terminal 3 side. I would then love to hear just reciprocal short intros. And then we have an intro deck that we will run through. I will try to do it in very condensed fashion to explain what our company is, what our technology is, what the use cases are. And then wherever there is interest or potential dovetails to what you guys are focused on right now. We can dig in a little bit further. Sound all right? All right, Excellent. Okay, so I'm Gary. I'm one of the three co founders of Terminal 3\. I'm the CEO of the company. Along with me today in the call are Jan and Gary. Ma. Sorry that there are two Gary's in a single call. That's never a good thing. But you're going to have to bear with us with that. Jan is one of our heads of product leading the enterprise portion of our business and she's based in Singapore. Along with Gary Ma. Actually, our entire commercial team is pretty much headquartered in Singapore. Gary is our AI industry lead and has been working with a number of our partners on AI trust and governance, including regulators in Singapore as well. So yeah, that's us. I'd love to hear a little bit about you guys while I set up the deck.   
Speaker B: Sure.   
Speaker C: So just introducing myself, I'm Jan and we were introduced through our friends at Temasek. So I look after our global tech and AI partnerships, mainly focusing on our larger partners. So those with a global Footprint, likes of OpenAI, Apple, Google, Samsung, some of them with me on the call of my colleague Gaurav. I'll let Gaurav introduce himself.   
Speaker D: Good to meet you guys. Gaurav Khayal. I look at Agent E Commerce for Asia Pacific. I'm based out of Singapore as well, so look forward to hearing from you. And it's a very interesting topic for all of us and each one of us is extremely curious about how it is panning out.   
Speaker A: Yeah.   
Speaker D: So let's see what all we can talk and collaborate and think forward on.   
Speaker A: Excellent. Excellent. So excited for this conversation this week. You can imagine there's a lot of conversations about gender commerce. Kevin joined me and Terminal 3 for a closed door luncheon on Tuesday that included regulators from both Hong Kong and the uae, along with a number of industry luminaries, including one of the co Founders of Ethereum, CEO of ConsenSys Technology in New York City, Joe Lubin, several major layer one blockchains, the president of Animoca, the head of the bank of International Settlements Lab in Hong Kong. There's just a number of big names to talk about this stuff. And so Kevin got to participate in a discussion about specifically the trajectory risks of agent commerce, obviously the opportunities of it, but also the things that we really do have to fix, primarily from a technology point of view, but we kind of touched on the policy regulatory point of view as well. So we did that. And then on Thursday, just yesterday, I got to sit on stage at ConsenSys with one of your main industry peers, Mastercard, specifically talking about their approach to gender commerce and the privacy and security issues that again have to be solved for in our systems. So, so with that as background, let me tell you a little bit about Terminal 3\. T3 is a deep tech company. We specifically use advanced cryptography to solve for data privacy and security problems as infrastructure. And the three main things that we enable is the connection, the verification and the processing of private data across boundaries, specifically without the need for data transfer. Of course there are certain use cases that data still has to be moved from one database to another. But our goal and the actual unique novel technology that we built allows for the vast majority of connection verification and processing of private data to happen without data transfer. Today our core platform already serves 10 million decentralized profiles. We've issued over 6 million verifiable credentials and these are some of the use cases that we already power. So native identity for blockchains and gaming networks, we do regulated financial credentials for KYC accredited investor status and we are now issuing cross border credentials for use cases like travel, including actually out of Singapore directly off of SingPass. So this is with IMDA and Govtech. The company was founded three and a half years ago by three co founders. All of us are former corporate executives, repeat founders, and we're backed by a number of names that I imagine that you would recognize on the right hand side. I won't spend too much time on the problem statement. I think the problem statement is one that you guys are very familiar with long and the short of it is that data privacy laws are becoming more stringent while data silos are becoming more problematic. And the actual existing systems of the world means that data use requires data to move and that's where the vulnerabilities get created. And in an agentic world that is significantly, I mean it's even more acutely problematic because of how good AI agents, especially fully autonomous AI agents, are now getting into data silos and also pretending and faking to be certain people to have certain permissions. So the existing systems of control fraud detection as well as data and authorization verification need to be significantly upgraded. Terminal 3's key platform, our core platform, I should say, is what we call the T3 Oracle. It's an advanced cryptography Oracle and its main condition is to allow for data access without necessitating data transfer. Applications and use cases connect to the Oracle via APIs and SDKs that are pretty standard. And then the Oracle allows them for those three verbs that the connection, the verification and the processing of data across many different sources and across borders. Connection of data is through a universal id. This is by default a decentralized id, although it can be a centralized digital ID if necessary. And this ID provides not only unification, but provides private access to data from multiple different databases via cryptographic forms like zero knowledge proofs. And then it provides compliance as well because it's a full regulated KYC stack as part of identity, which allows for necessary multiple levels of KYC for different identity use cases. Verification happens via verifiable credentials. In particular, Terminal 3's verifiable credentials are what we refer to as smart VCs. I will get to the difference between our smart VCs and other people's. Not so smart VCs in a second, but verification. The way this works is that we connect our stack to a verified identity data source. For instance, in Singapore Singpass, we issue verifiable credentials off of that source and those verifiable credentials can then be used by any number of third party applications without concern for data privacy or data security issues, because there is actually no PII in the credential itself. So, speaking of which, I mentioned that our VCs are different than other people's VCs. And the primary difference is this traditional VCs include identifiable information PII in encrypted form. That actually creates several problems. The first problem is that the data itself degrades over time because it's a snapshot of a moment. The second is that because there is actual identifiable information, albeit it's encrypted in the credential, the credential itself is vulnerable to breaches, including quantum. And then finally, because it's encrypted data, it means that for the data for the VC to be used, a private key still needs to be presented, which means that it's not truly interoperable. Outsmart VCs do not include any PII. They are an identity claim and with some kind of cryptography used to verify the claim, primarily either zero knowledge proofs or cryptographic selective disclosure. And because of that, the VC itself does not need to be encrypted and instead the unencrypted VC can then sit in public registry if necessary on presentation is verified against the live database. Second is that the data itself does not is quantum proof because there's no pii, it's not encrypted. And then third, because again it's just a cryptographic proof, it can sit on a public registry and therefore be truly interoperable. The last thing that Terminal 3 enables is the processing of private data across sources. This is accomplished via our decentralized trusted Execution Environment network. Our decentralized network, which we I guess uncreatively refer to as the Terminal 3 network, is actually a network of node clusters. Each node cluster includes a data storage node and includes a TEE node and includes a smart contract node, a blockchain node. And so this becomes a decentralized data storage and processing network. In short, data that is stored by any Node operator can be sent to a trusted execution environment node where calculations or the data going in is completely secure and private. The calculations are completely private and the output then can be used by network participants based on programmable rules. So a demonstrable use case for Terminal 3 network is in private subnets like an open banking network. Banks, ubs, hsbc, Standard Chartered, uob, OCBC can each run their own node cluster within Singapore. Their actual database can be their own private database that no one else ever gets to look into. And then whenever there's a calculation that needs to be done for the sake of open banking across all of these banks accounts, the necessary data is sent privately to a TEE node. The TEE makes a calculation that is completely black boxed and then spits out an answer that everyone then can accept verifiably if they want. These banks can then decide for the output to be available for public consumption use and in the public mainnet of the Terminal 3 network. Now on top of the T3 network is where we have built the thing that we really want to talk about with you guys, which is our AI agent trust and governance platform. In infrastructure terms this is really a framework. And so we solve for the four primary problems. Well I shouldn't say the four primary problems that are still inhibiting a true agenda commerce scale, who the agent actually is, what is the agent permission to do, how does the agent handle private data? And finally the trackability or auditability of agent actions. The way we solve that is one, we issue verifiable identities for every single agent and a human operator so that there is no identity spoofing across network. Two is we use our smart VCs to issue programmable authorizations and permissions that agents can also delegate to sub agents for complex tasks. Three is that we actually custodize or store private information across our decentralized network. So the T3 network and then provide agents only querying access. So agents never actually get specific types of private data in their memory. As an example, credit card authorization. So tokens for authorization or even just plain text credit card numbers, they are custodized properly and then either sent directly to transaction platforms or transaction completion or they are. Well actually that's what happened. Agents never get a hold of it and instead transaction platforms or payment Rails can call for those authorizations separately. And then finally all agent actions can be recorded to the blockchain for regulatory auditability. And of course there's an identity abstraction layer so we retain the necessary privacy for transaction data. So agent auth As a platform. It really is. It's this framework that we are now in discussions to integrate into payment Rails that deal with either buyer agents or merchant agents, likely both. And also talking to governments as well as large institutions to release this as a framework on top of which enterprises as well as individual citizens can launch their own AI agents so that everyone sits on top of the same agent ID permissions, credentials and secure data security and privacy standard. That's it. That was already a lot. I want to stop there and dig in anywhere there is interest.   
Speaker C: Thanks for sharing, Gary.   
Speaker D: Helpful to understand.   
Speaker C: Can you maybe just elaborate a little bit more on the last part, which is the. What do you call this product or service in particular?   
Speaker A: It's called Agent Auth.   
Speaker C: Agent Auth. Got it. And I don't know if you were you across something that you know, Visa has collaborated with Cloudflare doing something similar called our Trusted Agent Protocol.   
Speaker A: Yes, we've seen it before. To be honest, I would love to understand a little bit more of the detail around exactly what the functionality is and how agent developers or enterprises that are now deploying agents for commerce can utilize it.   
Speaker C: Yeah, I'll hand over to Gaurav to kind of mention. Yeah, but I guess before we maybe go there, I was just curious to kind of understand, have you seen where you've seen kind of the core problem statements or use cases for Agent Auth? Is this already in any pilot or deployment somewhere?   
Speaker A: Yeah, this is not a live pilot. This is an internal pilot right now. But where the discussions are very, very for us, especially in your own backyard, first is that we spent a lot of time with MAS on this and there is a significant amount of interest both at MAS in Singapore as well as with the regulators here in Hong Kong to launch Agent Auth as a platform for enterprise agent discovery. Meaning that there is a standardized platform either in a government sandbox or a statutory body sandbox that then allows a regulatory sandbox that then allows for enterprises with government oversight to start launching a bunch of their own agents and know that security and trust compliance are already handled natively by this platform. So agents effectively build on top of this. The way you think about Agent Auth is that it is a platform that sits parallel to the chosen LLM or LAM for any agent. So an agent connects to the LLM and LAM for for query processing and then also at the same time connect to Agent Auth to issue themselves verifiable agent IDs to issue to get humans to authorize permissions, credentials and then to be able to use the network to hold private data and then call and query that private data for automations. Oh, sorry, I didn't finish my answer. So with mas, with a couple of major banks and region who are already deploying AI agents via SaaS models for commerce and also enterprise B2B procurement, they are already starting to struggle with fraud issues because there is no standard for agent identity and to be able to verify that agent authorizations for transactions are real. And so the consideration and the exploration right now is to deploy this as part of either a payment framework or payment stack or directly into agent SaaS.   
Speaker C: Okay, got it.   
Speaker D: Gaurav, over to you, Gary. One thing. So on this agent Auth piece and you can pretty much think that this is an area of interest for both John and I. Tell me a bit more think of this. So the way I understood is that there's a, there's a need for you to establish a kind of a handshake between the agent and the merchant who's selling the service. If the merchant happens to have their own agent, then it's a agent to agent handshake. If not, then it's agent on one side and the merchant in general on the other side. How are you looking to solve on the merchant setup ratio merchants side of the chain? Because it's, it's agents will be far than few, but merchants would be several. So, and it's not, it's not really unless, unless you have established the, the way to test it out. How are you thinking about solving for the merchant side of the equation here?   
Speaker A: So it, so it's a great question. So one clarification I want to make very important is that we are infrastructure, meaning that we are not selling to merchants. Our technology is used by either companies that are building and deploying agents, either for specific enterprise or for industry. So they're the ones selling into the buyer side as well as merchant side. But to answer your question more directly on the merchant side, there's two ways for us using verify by identity and permissions to solve for this problem. First is that the verify identity, once a standard is established for an agent ecosystem, merchants will be able to request for that agent ID and then decide whether or not to accept the agent in the purchase process. So as you guys have mentioned, agents, merchants don't always have agents. The vast majority of them do not. So they're using pretty traditional web two fraud detection tools to decide whether or not to allow bots, right. Effectively reject bots. And so now along with the rejection of automated bots Scraping and doing what they oftentimes do for merchants, they can now request for an agent id. And if the agent ID is provable and the merchant decides to accept it, then they will allow the agent to come and actually transact via the normal purchase flow. The second way is if the merchant itself has an agent, then those agents can also be issued IDs and then allows agents with same standard IDs to directly interact with one another. So buyer agent and merchant agent being able to verify each other's identity and authorizations.   
Speaker D: So are you testing this out with. In a similar situation with. On one side an agent platform could be any LLM or LLM verticalized LLM for a particular solution or an industry. On the other side with a merchant where actually the transaction is happening and where the merchant is looking to establish a trusted agent entry, coming into it and letting that agent come and a non trusted agent being ignored by the merchant using link capability. So that's one question if you are testing it out and if you mentioned that you have an infrastructure here not directly on the agent side and not directly on the merchant side. So what are the toolings needed on the two ends of the spectrum for this to work?   
Speaker A: Yeah, so great questions. The first is we are not in live tests right now with a live agentic commerce framework, but this is quite close. It's in our near term future with the first set of tests is almost certainly going to be with buyer agents that have open merchants. Meaning there is no agent on the merchant site, but there is now a standard forest specific payment framework. So a specific payment network. So agents are issued IDs that then the merchants who are used this payment network they know what the standard is and they know how to verify those agent IDs and so they can build into their acceptance protocol to accept these agents onto their purchase flow. So that's in the near term future that will be the first test with regard to tooling API and SDKs. So we make it very dead simple for agent developers to and then also merchant portals and merchants themselves to be able to integrate directly into this framework.   
Speaker D: And through what channels. So for example, there are bot detection capabilities that the likes of Cloudflare or Akamai have. Will this go into the merchants from that kind of network or infrastructure layer or is it a completely different thing that you're looking at to begin with?   
Speaker A: It's going to be separate and this is definitely a gap we want to bridge to eventually be able to get to the cloud fairs and the Akamai's of the world and say this needs to be part of your native suite for bot and AI agent checking. But the initial tests will be separate read.   
Speaker D: I see. Understand. Okay. Where do you see Visa or card networks or payment whales coming together with this kind of a thing? Especially in the context of agent E commerce. And also the underlying problem statement that you are looking at is trusting an agent or trusting an agent with a defined purpose should be a matter of choice for the merchant or the business rather than a matter of chance or matter of random selection. And what perhaps is likely to happen in the near term until a proposal comes out.   
Speaker A: I think I understand your question, Gaurav. So apologies if I am misstating if I'm not answering your question.   
Speaker C: Cut me off.   
Speaker A: Okay. I think this is integration natively into payment networks is extremely important because we're still going to continue to work in a world of a multimodal payment, right? So an agent will get to choose, they're going to be working with any number of merchants and then they will get to choose multiple different payment methods for the merchants. So our goal as infrastructure is to help bridge all of those different systems so that there only needs really to be a single integration into a trust framework that already understands the payment network, multiple different payment network requirements for payment credentialing, agent identity and whatever else is required for authorization. And so again, as infrastructure our goal is to work with Ibiza, understand or co actually develop standards for agenda commerce via the Visa network and then provide the very, very easy to integrate tooling that allows all buyers and all merchants of buying platforms and selling platforms to be able to adopt safe agenda commerce via the Visa transaction network. Does that actually answer your question?   
Speaker D: It does to some extent. But let me ask you a follow up then. Visa on its payments wheels business is oversimplifying this. Protocols and money movement combined together. I believe you are thinking of it as a protocol layer and less on the money movement layer and protocol on both sides. On one side is the agentic operators, it could be the LLMs or the consumer facing LLM apps and all of that. On the other side is the buyer network. What I'm not able to visualize is how does it or how does it differ from the case where the agents themselves would be establishing their own entry points and gateways to get the merchants securely access their platform. So take for an instance Google's ucp. They're already putting together a complete framework of how merchants would access their platform and vice versa. How will they access the inventory of the merchants and all of that. So what is the exact pain point that it is solving for? Is it solving for the merchants who cannot understand Google's ucp, or what if you can just elaborate on double click a bit more, take examples if you like to, for a particular use case that's easier to visualize and contextualize.   
Speaker A: Yeah, I can answer that question pretty directly. So there are two things that we're trying to solve for in the situation of a merchant that is integrated into the Google framework. Right. The first is that the Google framework addresses a few things, including agent access to inventory. Right. We're not trying to solve that. We are solving specifically for transaction completion. So an integration into Google does not necessarily solve for that. Of course, Google has an AP2 framework that does matter, but again, that becomes a closed loop for a lot of merchants. Merchants, well, that's not going to be the single payment standard for agenda commerce. So merchants are going to have to integrate with multiple and especially if they're jurisdictionally bound, it's going to be a bunch of stuff in a bunch of smaller countries with a bunch of different payment rooms. Our intent for us as infrastructure is to allow for single integration into agent. All that then is able to be a translation layer for all of the requirements and authorizations and identity clearance for the different payment networks. That's the way that we think about it.   
Speaker D: Okay. Yeah. Anything else that you have in mind? Yeah, this was the most interesting slide, Gary, but I did have one curious question on the other one. We can, we can. Yeah, but go ahead, John. Yeah, no, apologize, I say I actually.   
Speaker C: Have to drop in a couple of minutes. I found the presentation quite interesting, but I also must confess that as I said at the partnership intersection, I'm not the most knowledgeable when it comes to our trusted agent protocol, since most of my interactions are dealing with my AI partners on our broader commercial relationship. So Gaurav actually is a better place to speak on that regard. I did find though, that I think it's interesting that what we are looking at and the use case of solving for does have some similarities, arguably even overlap. And so as we think about this, I'm also just actively thinking about what part of the problem is Visa not already solving for. You know, you spoke about a lot about, you know, a situation where an agent would be carrying a pan as a payload. I think Visa, we would never see a situation where it would, you know, enable an agent to just carry an unmasked pan as an example. It's always going to be a tokenized transaction Backed by a passkey. So kind of overlaying what Visa has already built through our Visa Intelligent Commerce set of tools and APIs, thinking about where the opportunities exist and we would.   
Speaker A: Love to do that exploration with you. So Jan in particular being in as a product lead in Singapore, we've done this. We've sat down and actually gone through architecture at a pretty deep level and formed both an overlapping map but also a gap bridging map. And then actually very clearly articulated how architecture from Terminal 3 and what visa either is building or has already built can come together and actually complete the fabric. So if there is one ask of a next action for us it would be that. I think that that would be a really fun process to sit down and actually have the engineering team sit together and figure out this mapping.   
Speaker C: Okay, I need to drop graph. I'll catch up with you after. Thank you so much, Gary. Gary and Jack, Nice to meet you.   
Speaker D: Would be good to know from you Gary, in terms of where do you see that incremental of problem areas that you think this particular solution can solve for which. Which complements say the State agent protocol which pretty much establishes the same set of credibility between one party and another that we have come out with. Again it's the same at the fundamental level is trying to solve the same thing is for the merchants to first which agents to let in and which aliens to block and other things like that. And also on the. On the agent side I would rather let you skip on the agent side because that's a bit of a complicated game that you have to traverse through the likes of the big AI companies and all of that. It's harder crack there. But on the merchant side, if there's something that you think is a complementary kick of green either or complemently or an alternate both possible and alternative. It makes things faster for merchant or an adoption. Why not? So would be keen to understand what could that be? Engineering resources and all of that.   
Speaker B: That's.   
Speaker D: I would keep that as a step three once we clear the functional part. Because our engineering resources that work on this kind of stuff are not based out of Singapore, they are in the US and they come in at a later stage. Very much I would say down the line after there's a functional understanding and a functional case is established. So let's try to do that if there's something that we can possibly think of.   
Speaker A: Okay.   
Speaker D: This helps us in making the agent cognitive option faster or easier or different in a way that helps Visa more broadly. Yeah, happy to have a follow up conversation on that?   
Speaker A: Yeah, let's do that. I think that that's loud and clear. What homework needs to be for us that we're really thinking about the merchant side just in broad strokes. The way we think about it is this. We want to make it easy for merchants to say I'm willing and I'm able to accept agents payments across multiple different networks so that I don't have to pick and choose. Right. That actually increases the opportunity for the entire ecosystem. So we don't want the merchants to have to choose, oh gosh, I need to do integration. Do I do MasterCard, do I do Visa, do I do Google Pay? What do I integrate as the, you know, the payment method for autonomous agents? Instead they should be able to say I do one integration or I do one check and that will allow me to accept, to securely and safely accept payment across all of these networks.   
Speaker D: No matter what. Merchants will gravitate towards that kind of a solution. Right? As in for all practical purposes today when they use say a CDN for managing the traffic or blocking the traffic through certain rules, they do it for all of the Internet. They don't do it on the basis of a payment method and all of that. So that way I think we as an ecosystem of data, we understand, understand that that kind of requirement and we always facilitate that kind of a thing in our protocols that almost all the things that we do are kind of equal into what the merchant would want as a, as a level playing field across various things that they do. So align on that. So let us know, let us know what would be, what would be the things that we can possibly converge on in terms of. Okay, this particular column statement is hard to solve and can be solved in this manner which is efficient, faster, easier to deploy, whatever it is, all the things which are related to the horse and speed. So let's look at that and then maybe have a next check in.   
Speaker A: Perfect. Ghaurav, thank you so much, really appreciate your time. We will send across a PDF version of, of this deck so that you have it for reference and then we'll get to work on some of these stalls on the merchant site. Yeah.   
Speaker D: Now on the non agent tech commerce site, if you can just flip back a couple of slides, go to the previous one. Is there anything that you are doing with regards to stablecoin based smart contracts improvements and if that's an area of possible collaboration, then one of my colleagues from the same team, he leads crypto business for Asia Pacific, I can get introduced to him where I was specifically coming at is stablecoin based money movement and identity verification and Identity plus does the purpose link to that stablecoin movement link to that money movement of via Stable Coins? If that's something that you have as a solution or if it is slightly more on the I would say.   
Speaker A: At.   
Speaker D: A pilot stage or something like that, I'll be happy to make an introduction to that team.   
Speaker A: So the answer is yes. So let me talk about the solution first and then let me talk about our credibility in this world. The solution is we use our decentralized identity and our KYC verifiable credentials as the base identity layer for stablecoin movements and regulated markets. The requirements in Singapore and in Hong Kong are very very clear and likely going to be the same requirements of Japan and Korea as well with the stablecoin region is that all wallets that touch stablecoins have to be kyc and that is quite difficult if you have self custody wallets or any wallets that touch decentralized finance that are literally trading on chain because obviously one stock stocks forever. So our solution is that we KYC users, we store KYC information in a regulated vault but then we issue an account abstraction. It is a cryptographic credential that shows that the wallet owner is provably KYC without giving up identity information that then allows that wallet to move with stablecoins across platforms and get access to trading and usage facilities all along the path. Anyone who accepts the verifiable credential will then have regulatory retrieval access to the actual KYC information underlying if there's ever an investigation or enforcement action. So that's what we're doing now. Credibility in this is very strong. Not only have we been a primary player here in Hong Kong, advising the policy and regulatory officials here, including the Hong Kong Monetary Authority on how KYC and identity verification should happen in the in the stablecoin ecosystem. But we are the preferred solution for compliance for two of the major stablecoin projects here in Hong Kong that are going to be part of the first batch of licenses that should be issued by the end of Q1. The second piece of credibility, which I cannot name whom it is, but you're going to be able to guess pretty quickly from my description is one of the largest, if not the largest self custody wallet networks in the world is now going to we're building the POC with them to launch as their universal complaints compliance KYC and identity layer which then will allow that self custody wallet to hold regulated digital assets like stablecoins and RWAs and then be able to transfer that KYC credential off to platforms for trade.   
Speaker D: I see. Okay, so let me do this. Let me get you or tell me who else in your team introduced to one of my colleagues. I think that this is an area of interest for them for sure and for me for agent E Commerce. Let's have a follow up conversation on what we can do with this kind of a capability with the merchants. It's still not very clear to me as to how does it make things efficient and what is the complementarity of it and what is the incremental order Speed. Solve for that. And third thing, at a later point in time I would want to touch base with you is the intersection of Stablecoin and Egypt E Commerce which is exposure to and other things that are coming up.   
Speaker A: I think it's.   
Speaker D: It's still a few months or quarters away, not yet there. But that's something I'll definitely be touching base with you or folks like yourselves.   
Speaker A: Excellent. Again, our commercial team is all in Singapore. I'm in Singapore at least six times a year at this point so we can certainly meet in person next. But we do have homework. We do have homework. So we will get all this stuff to you. Yeah. Pretty quickly.   
Speaker D: Sounds good. Give us a buzz when you're out there in Singapore next time.   
Speaker A: Amazing. Thank you so much. It's so nice to meet you and hope you have a good Lunar New Year break next week.   
Speaker D: You do. Take care. Have a good time with your families.   
Speaker C: Take care.   
Speaker A: Bye bye.   
Speaker D: Bye.   
